GitTogether Mumbai 2024-10-05/README.md, before:

[![October 2024 Event](/assets/2024-10-05.png)](https://www.meetup.com/gittogether-mumbai/events/303564188/)

**Agenda**

- 9:30 AM to 10:00 AM: **Registration and Networking**
- 10:00 AM to 10:10 AM: **Welcome Note**
- 02:00 PM to 02:40 PM: **Github Actions in Action (http://susmitpy.github.io/talks/github_actions/)**
- 10:40 AM to 11:10 AM: **Session 2**
- 11:10 AM to 11:30 AM: **Break and Networking*
- 06:50 PM to 07:00 PM: **Community Spotlight**
    * LocalFileTransfer (https://github.com/susmitpy/LocalFileTransfer)
- 11:35 AM to 12:05 PM: **Session 3**
-  11:30 AM to 11:35 AM: **Community Spotlight**
- 11:35 AM to 12:05 PM: Container Based VDI by [Arun Mathai](https://github.com/arunmathaisk), SDE @Frappe Cloud
- Github Repo for Arun Mathai's talk [Flashdesk](https://github.com/arunmathaisk/flashdesk)
- 12:05 AM to 12:30 PM: **Quiz, Networking and Event Closing**

-----------

**Date:** Saturday 5th October 2024

**Time:** 9:30 AM to 12:30 PM IST

**Venue:** [Microsoft Corporation India Pvt. Ltd](https://maps.app.goo.gl/1FhuCQERoZNFa981A)., Windsor, 4th Floor, Central Salsette Tramway Road (CST Road), Kalina, Santacruz (East), Mumbai, Maharashtra 400098, India.

Commit message:

docs: :memo: Agenda has been corrected with session timings & speaker details

GitTogether Mumbai 2024-10-05/README.md, after:

# GitTogether Mumbai #3

[![October 2024 Event](/assets/2024-10-05.png)](https://www.meetup.com/gittogether-mumbai/events/303564188/)

## Agenda

- 1:30 PM to 2:00 PM: **Registration and Networking**
- 2:00 PM to 2:10 PM: **Welcome Note**
- 02:00 PM to 02:40 PM: **Github Actions in Action** by [Susmit Vengurlekar](https://github.com/susmitpy), Senior Data Scientist @Xcellen  ([Slides](http://susmitpy.github.io/talks/github_actions/))
- 2:45 PM to 3:05 PM:  **Internal Developer Platform** by [Pratik Parikh](https://github.com/pratik-parikh01), Senior Software Engineer @Falkonry. ([Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1rGaLMHhpcO-jz8YSEIcWTh-cLs5hvwquSSr73ugwJA4/edit?usp=sharing))
- 3:10 PM to 3:30 PM: **Break and Networking**
- 3:30 PM to 4:00 PM: **Container Based VDI** by [Arun Mathai](https://github.com/arunmathaisk), SDE @Frappe Cloud [Slides](https://github.com/arunmathaisk/flashdesk)
- 4.00 PM - 4.30 PM:  **Season of AI (Season 2) Client Server development with GitHub Copilot** by [Augustine Correa](https://github.com/indcoder), Microsoft MVP for Developer Technologies & AI Platform

- 05:00 PM to 05:30 PM: **Community Spotlight**
  - LocalFileTransfer [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/susmitpy/LocalFileTransfer)
  - Explainable AI [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/ombhojane/explainableai)
- 6:05 PM to 7:00 PM: **Networking and Event Closing**

-----------

**Date:** Saturday 5th October 2024

**Time:** 9:30 AM to 12:30 PM IST

**Venue:** [Microsoft Corporation India Pvt. Ltd](https://maps.app.goo.gl/1FhuCQERoZNFa981A)., Windsor, 4th Floor, Central Salsette Tramway Road (CST Road), Kalina, Santacruz (East), Mumbai, Maharashtra 400098, India.
